docs: Document the new LoadBalancer deployment option (#1350)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/manage/kubernetes/networking/configure-external-access-nodeport.mdx

1. Use your custom domain to communicate with the Redpanda cluster from outside the Kubernetes cluster:

  <Tabs groupId="tls" queryString>
  <TabItem value="enabled" label="TLS Enabled">

    1. Save the root certificate authority (CA) to your local file system outside Kubernetes:

      ```bash
      kubectl -n redpanda get secret redpanda-default-root-certificate -o go-template='{{ index .data "ca.crt" | base64decode }}' > ca.crt
      ```

    1. Get information about the cluster:

      ```bash
      rpk cluster info \
        --tls-enabled \
        --tls-truststore=ca.crt \
        --brokers <subdomain-for-broker-0>.<custom-domain>:31092
      ```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="disabled" label="TLS Disabled">

    ```bash
    rpk cluster info --brokers <subdomain-for-broker-0>.<custom-domain>:31092
    ```

  </TabItem>
  </Tabs>

## Use IP addresses

You can configure each Redpanda broker to advertise the IP address of the worker node on which it's running.

:::info

> If your cluster has TLS enabled, you must [advertise custom domains](#advertise-custom-domains) because the Helm charts adds only custom domains to the SAN list of TLS certificates, not IP addresses.

Reviewer: This should be the same content as https://github.com/redpanda-data/documentation/pull/1350/files#:~:text=docs/manage/kubernetes/networking/configure%2Dexternal%2Daccess%2Dloadbalancer.mdx?  `For clusters with TLS enabled, advertising the DNS names or IP addresses of load balancer instances is not supported. Instead, use [custom domains](#advertise-a-custom-domain).`

> If your cluster has TLS enabled, you must [advertise custom domains](#advertise-custom-domains) because the Helm charts adds only custom domains to the SAN list of TLS certificates, not IP addresses.

Author: ```suggestion
If your cluster has TLS enabled (default), you must [advertise custom domains](#advertise-custom-domains) because the Helm chart adds custom domains to the SAN list of TLS certificates and not IP addresses. Therefore, IP addresses assigned to LoadBalancer Services must be made resolvable by DNS names to ensure secure TLS access.

While adding entries to the `/etc/hosts` file may work for development purposes, it's not a suitable approach for production environments. In production, you'll need to update your organization's DNS service to make the IP addresses resolvable by DNS names. Updating your organization's DNS service ensures that users can access your services securely without encountering any SSL/TLS warnings or errors.
```
